README.md, before:

# Groot

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alonsodomin/groot.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alonsodomin/groot)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/lljwg88fygttb28i?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/alonsodomin/groot)

Groot is a command line application with the purpose of remote managing AWS ECS Clusters and
 their associated resources (Tasks, Instances, Services, etc.)

## Getting Started

You will need [Stack](http://haskellstack.org) installed in your local machine. Once you´ve got that, then clone this
 repository and install the binaries using Stack:

```
git clone https://github.com/alonsodomin/groot
cd groot
stack install
```

Now that you have it installed in your system, run it with the `-h` (or `--help`) command line
 option to get an idea of what you can do.

```
groot -h
```

Groot supports several sub-commands, use the same `-h` flag to get some help on what they can do,
 i.e.: `groot ls tasks -h`.

## Status

Groot is a toy project started to further my knowledge of the Haskell programming language
 at the same time that I was solving a need for a proper tool to perform my most rutinary
 tasks when managing ECS resources.

Don't expect here the best Haskell code (and I should probably write more tests), if it serves
 you then great, use it and feel free to contribute.

## License

### Apache License 2.0

Copyright 2017 Antonio Alonso Dominguez

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Install instructions on README file

README.md, after:

# Groot

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alonsodomin/groot.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alonsodomin/groot)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/lljwg88fygttb28i?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/alonsodomin/groot)

Groot is a command line application with the purpose of remote managing AWS ECS Clusters and
 their associated resources (Tasks, Instances, Services, etc.)

## Installing

Head over to the [Releases](https://github.com/alonsodomin/groot/releases) and download the binaries for your OS. There are
 pre-built binaries for 64bits Linux, Mac OS and Windows. It gets downloaded as a single binary file, copy into your own machine
 and place it in a folder under your `PATH` environment variable.

For example, for Linux machines:

```
wget -O groot https://github.com/alonsodomin/groot/releases/download/v0.0.1.0/groot-linux
mv groot /usr/local/bin/
```

A more user friendly install process in on the works, someday I could get around to actually finish it.

## Building From Source

You will need [Stack](http://haskellstack.org) installed in your local machine. Once you´ve got that, then clone this
 repository and install the binaries using Stack:

```
git clone https://github.com/alonsodomin/groot
cd groot
stack install
```

## First Steps

Now that you have it installed in your system, run it with the `-h` (or `--help`) command line
 option to get an idea of what you can do.

```
groot -h
```

Groot supports several sub-commands, use the same `-h` flag to get some help on what they can do,
 i.e.: `groot ls tasks -h`.

## Status

Groot is a toy project started to further my knowledge of the Haskell programming language
 at the same time that I was solving a need for a proper tool to perform my most rutinary
 tasks when managing ECS resources.

Don't expect here the best Haskell code (and I should probably write more tests), if it serves
 you then great, use it and feel free to contribute.

## License

### Apache License 2.0

Copyright 2017 Antonio Alonso Dominguez

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
